Improve README.md (#37)
eduardostarling/restio: README.md

Once `Models` and `Data Access Objects` (DAOs) are provided, you can use `Transactions` to operate the `Models`:

```python
# instantiate the Transaction and register the DAOs EmployeeDAO
# to deal with Employee models
transaction = Transaction()
transaction.register_dao(EmployeeDAO(Employee))

# retrieve John Doe's Employee model, that has a known primary key 1
john = await transaction.get(Employee, 1)
print(john) # Employee(key=1, name="John Doe", age=30, address="The Netherlands")

> # create a new Employee model Jay Pritchett in local memory
> jay = Employee(name="Jay Pritchett", age=65, address="California")
> # tell the transaction to add the new employee to its context
> transaction.add(jay)

Reviewer: Se der pra fazer um exemplo com um modelo relacionado seria massa. Tem muita feature bacana que está escondida desse README.
```suggestion
# create new Employees in local memory
jay = Employee(name="Jay Pritchett", age=65, address="California")
manny = Employee(name="Manuel Delgado", age=22, address="Florida")
# tell the transaction to add the new employees to its context
transaction.add(jay)
transaction.add(manny)
```

Author: Thanks, I will add the suggestion.

I was thinking of an example in which I would have relational data on top of the same model (to keep the number of different models minimal in the example). Then I realized that this is currently a limitation, as you can't do anything like this
```python
class Employee(BaseModel):
    ...
    colleagues: FrozenSetModelField(Employee)
```
because the class `Employee` is not yet defined.

There is a dirty hack, namely the following
```python
class Employee(BaseModel):
    ...
    colleagues: FrozenSetModelField(BaseModel)
```
but I would like to avoid placing a hack right in the `README`. I much prefer implementing a proper feature for it, something that would support, for example, passing the model name as a string:
```python
class Employee(BaseModel):
    ...
    colleagues: FrozenSetModelField("Employee")
```
which is the approach other ORMs use for such use case.

Then I will keep this out of this PR for now and add a new feature in a separate one.
